Add important note with regards to permalink (webui code) (#128)
owncloud/docs-webui: modules/owncloud_web/pages/web_for_admins.adoc

:toc-levels: 1
:description: Logged in to Infinite Scale with privileged rights like an admin user, you can perform administration tasks. These include user and group management and creating spaces.

////

> IMPORTANT: the build of this file is referenced by the webui via code. It MUST be available under:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: the build of this file is referenced by the web UI via code. It MUST be available under:
```
